# 阅读训练

## 英语二

### 2002 完形填空

​	<font color = green>**Comparisons wer drawn**</font> between the <font color = red>development of television</font> in the 20th century and the <font color = red>$diffusion_{n.传播；散布；【物】扩散；冗长}$​​​​ of printing</font> in the 15th and 16th centuries.  Yet much had happend <u>between</u>.  As was discussed before, it was not  <u>until</u> in the 19th century that the newspaper became the dominant pre-electronic <u>medium</u>, following in the wake of the $pamphlet_{n. 小册子，手册}$​​​​, and the book and in the <u>company</u> of the $periodical_{n.(日报以外的)定期刊物,杂志}$​​​​​. It was during the same time that the communications revolution <u>speeded</u> up, beginning with transport , the railway, and leading <u>on</u> through the telegraph, the telephone, radio, and **$motion\ pictures_{电影}$​​​​​** <u>into</u> the 20th-centrury world of the motor car and the airplane. Not everyone sees that process <font color = blue>in <u>perspective</u></font>. It is important to do so.

> **draw**
>
> 美 [drɔ]
>
> 英 [drɔː]
>
> - **n.**抽彩；抽奖；抽签；平局
> - **v.**描画；拖（动）；拉（动）；牵引
> - **网络**绘制；绘图；画画
>
> 1.描写;草拟,制订,拟(稿);描(图),绘制,画(线等),勾(轮廓)
>
> 2.画,描;制图3.惹,引,招,引起,招致,吸引(注意等)
>
> 4.拉,牵,曳,拖;拉开,张满;汲取
>
> 5.拔(牙、钉等),抽出(刀),从(容器等中)倒出(物品);取出(鸡等的)内脏
>
> 6.打(水),排干,汲出(水等液体);受,靠(人供给);领取,提取(钱款),获得(资源等),生(利),汲取(教训)
>
> 7.拉,牵,曳,张(弓等)
>
> 8.拔刀,拔枪
>
> 9.向(某处)移动,挨近,靠近,走近,靠拢(时间等)接近,逼近
>
> 10.【医学】(膏药等)吸脓,拔出牙齿
>
> draw a conclusion 
>
> draw a comparision
>
> 引出结论，引出比较。
>
> ---
>
> **diffusion**
>
> 美 [dɪ'fjuʒ(ə)n]
>
> 英 [dɪ'fjuːʒ(ə)n]
>
> - **n.**传播；散布；【物】扩散；冗长
> - **网络**漫射；扩散作用；弥散
>
> ---
>
> **periodical**
>
> 美 [.pɪri'ɑdɪk(ə)l]
>
> 英 [.pɪəri'ɒdɪk(ə)l]
>
> - **adj.**定期的；时常发生的；定期发行的
> - **n.**（学术）期刊
> - **网络**杂志；周期的；刊物
>
> ---
>
> **lead someone on**
>
> **1.** to guide someone onward. *We led him on so he could see more of the gardens.* *Please lead Mary on. There is lots more to see here.*
>
> 带领某人向前进，onward，adv 向前
>
> **2.** and **lead** someone **on** to tease someone; to encourage someone's romantic or sexual interest without sincerity. *You are just leading me on!* *It's not fair to continue leading him on.* *It's easy to lead on teenage boys.*
>
> See also: [lead](https://idioms.thefreedictionary.com/lead), [on](https://idioms.thefreedictionary.com/on)
>
> **lead on**
>
> to continue to lead onward. *The guide led on and we followed.* *Lead on, my friend. We are right behind you!*
>
> See also: [lead](https://idioms.thefreedictionary.com/lead), [on](https://idioms.thefreedictionary.com/on)
>
> McGraw-Hill Dictionary of American Idioms and Phrasal Verbs. © 2002 by The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.
>
> ---
>
> **motion picture**
>
> - **n.**电影
> - **adj.**电影的
>
> ---
>
> **perspective**
>
> 美 [pər'spektɪv]
>
> 英 [pə(r)'spektɪv]
>
> - **n.**观点；远景；景观；透视法
> - **adj.**(按照)透视画法的；透视的
> - **网络**透视图；视角；看法
>
> **in perspective**
>
> - **na.**按照透视画法的[地]；展望中的[地]；正确的[地]
> - **网络**正确地；观察合理地；符合透视法地

It is generally recognized, however, that the introduction of the computer in the early 20th century, followed by the invention of the integrated ciruit during the 1960s, radically changed the process, <u>although</u> its impact on the media was not immediately <u>apparent</u>. As time went by, computers became smaller and more powerful, and they became "personal" too, as well as <u>universal</u> , with display becoming sharper and storage <u>capacity</u> increasing. They were thought of, like people, <u>in terms of</u>  generations, with the distance between generations much <u>smaller</u>.

It was within the computer age that the term "infomation society" began to be widely used to describe the <u>context</u>  within which we now live. The communications revolution has influenced both work and leisure and how we think and feel both about place and time, but there has been controvertial views about its economic, political, social and cultural implications. "Benefits" have been weighed <u>against</u>.



### Text1

​	If you **intend** using humor in your talk to make people smile, you must know how to **identify** shared experiences and problems. Your humor must be **relevant** to the audience and should help to show them that you are one of them or that you **understand** their situation and are in **sympathy** with their point of view. Depending on whom you are addressing, the problems will be different. If you are talking to a group of managers, you may refer to the **disorganized** methods of their secretaries; alternatively if you are addressing secretaries, you may want to **comment** on their **disorganized** bosses.
Here is an example, which I heard at a nurses' **convention**, of a story which works well because the audience all shared the same view of doctors. A man arrives in heaven and is being shown around by St. Peter. He sees wonderful accommodations, beautiful gardens, sunny weather, and so on. Everyone is very **peaceful**, polite and friendly until, waiting in a line for lunch, the new arrival is suddenly pushed aside by a man in a white coat, who rushes to the head of the line, grabs his food and stomps over to a table by himself. "Who is that?" the new arrival asked St. Peter. "Oh, that's God," came the reply, "but sometimes he thinks he's a doctor."
​	If you are part of the group which you are addressing, you will be in a position to know the experiences and problems which are common to all of you and it'll be **appropriate** for you to make a passing remark about the inedible canteen food or the chairman's notorious bad taste in ties. With other audiences you mustn't attempt to cut in with humor as they will **resent** an outsider making disparaging remarks about their canteen or their chairman. You will be on safer ground if you **stick** to scapegoats like the Post Office or the telephone system.
​	If you feel **awkward** being **humorous**, you must practice so that it becomes more natural. Include a few casual and apparently off-the-cuff remarks which you can deliver in a **relaxed** and unforced manner. Often it's the **delivery** which causes the audience to smile, so speak slowly and remember that a raised **eyebrow** or an unbelieving look may help to show that you are making a light-hearted remark.
​	Look for the humor. It often comes from the **unexpected**. A **twist** on a familiar **quote** "If at first you don't succeed, give up" or a play on words or on a situation. Search for **exaggeration** and understatements. Look at your talk and pick out a few words or sentences which you can turn about and **inject** with humor.





### Text 2

​	Since the dawn of human **ingenuity**<font size=1 color = red>**n. 聪明才智；独创力；心灵手巧**</font>, people have devised ever more **cunning**<font size=1 color=red>**adj. 狡猾的；奸诈的；诡诈的；灵巧的**</font> tools to cope with work that is dangerous, **boring**, **burdensome**, or just **plain** nasty. That compulsion has resulted in robotics — the science of conferring various human capabilities on machines. And if scientists have yet to create the **mechanical** version of science **fiction**, they have begun to come close.

​	As a result, the modern world is increasingly **populated** by **intelligent** gizmos whose **presence** we barely notice but whose **universal** existence has removed much human labor. Our factories **hum** to the **rhythm** of robot assembly arms. Our banking is done at automated teller terminals that thank us with **mechanical** politeness for the **transaction**. Our subway trains are **controlled** by tireless robo-drivers. And thanks to the **continual** miniaturization of electronics and micro-**mechanics**, there are already robot systems that can **perform** some kinds of brain and bone **surgery** with submillimeter **accuracy** — far greater **precision** than highly skilled physicians can **achieve** with their hands alone.

​	But if robots are to reach the next stage of laborsaving utility, they will have to **operate** with less human **supervision** and be able to make at least a few decisions for themselves — goals that pose a real **challenge**. "While we know how to tell a robot to **handle** a **specific** error," says Dave Lavery, manager of a robotics program at NASA, "we can't yet give a robot enough 'common sense' to reliably interact with a **dynamic** world."

​	Indeed the **quest** for true **artificial** **intelligence** has produced very mixed results. Despite a spell of **initial** **optimism** in the 1960s and 1970s when it appeared that transistor circuits and microprocessors might be able to copy the action of the human brain by the year 2010, researchers lately have begun to **extend** that **forecast** by decades if not centuries.

​	What they found, in attempting to model thought, is that the human brain's roughly one hundred billion nerve cells are much more **talented** — and human **perception** far more **complicated** — than **previously** imagined. They have built robots that can **recognize** the error of a machine panel by a **fraction** of a millimeter in a **controlled** factory **environment**. But the human mind can glimpse a rapidly changing **scene** and immediately **disregard** the 98 percent that is **irrelevant**, instantaneously focusing on the monkey at the side of a winding forest road or the single **suspicious** face in a big crowd. The most **advanced** computer systems on Earth can't **approach** that kind of ability, and neuroscientists still don't know quite how we do it.

